Security Posture Signals docs (#11339)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/cspm/signals_explorer.md

---
title: Signals Explorer
kind: documentation
further_reading:
- link: "security_platform/default_rules"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Explore default cloud configuration rules"
- link: "security_platform/cspm/frameworks_and_benchmarks"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about supported frameworks and industry benchmarks"
---

{{< site-region region="us3,gov,eu" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">

> Cloud Security Posture Management is not currently available in US1-FED, or US3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Security Posture Management is not available for this site.
```

</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

## Overview

> The root cause for many of today's cloud breaches are misconfigured services that have been nefariously exploited. The Signals Explorer accelerates the investigative process and guides you to resolution. In addition to reviewing and fixing cloud misconfigurations directly in the [findings][1] page, you can set notifications for failed findings, and configure signals to correlate and triage misconfigurations in the same place as real-time threats that are generated by [Security Monitoring][2] and [Cloud Workload Security][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The root cause for many of today's cloud breaches are misconfigured services that have been nefariously exploited. The Signals Explorer accelerates the investigative process and guides you to a resolution for these types of issues. In addition to reviewing and fixing cloud misconfigurations directly in the [findings][1] page, you can set notifications for failed findings, and configure signals to correlate and triage misconfigurations in the same place as real-time threats that are generated by [Security Monitoring][2] and [Cloud Workload Security][3].
```
